1.6/doc/download.rst, before:

.. raw:: html

   <!--

   ============================================================================

      DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE! It was generated using Sphinx from:

      Origin:   $URL$
      Revision: $Rev$

   ============================================================================

   -->

.. meta::
    :description: Download the <project> software and manual.


========
Download
========

Software License
----------------

The <project> software is freely available under a BSD-style open source license that is compatible
with the Open Source Definition by `The Open Source Initiative`_ and contains no restrictions
on use of the software. The full `license`_ text is included with the distribution package and
available online.

.. _The Open Source Initiative: http://opensource.org/
.. _license: http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/license.html


Documentation
-------------

.. only:: html
    
    :download:`<project> Manual <<project>.pdf>`: PDF version of software manual.

.. only:: latex
    
    `<project> Manual <http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/<project_l>/manual.html>`__:
    Online version of this manual.


System Requirements
-------------------

**Operating System:** Linux


.. _register:

Register for Download
---------------------

.. only:: latex
    
    Please |register online|_ to receive an email with the download links of the software.

.. raw:: html
    
    <iframe class="request_form" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" src="http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/request_form.php?software=<project_l>">
      The iframe tag is not supported by your browser. Please `register here <http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/request.php?software=<project_l>>`__ instead.
    </iframe>


.. |register online| replace:: **register online**
.. _register online: http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/<project_l>/download.html#register

Commit message:

Added Comment to DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE! So it is clear that it only applies to the HTML output, not the .rst files. Issue #247.

1.6/doc/download.rst, after:


.. NOTE: This means do not edit the HTML output, you CAN modify the .rst file!

.. raw:: html

   <!--

   ============================================================================

      DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE! It was generated using Sphinx from:

      Origin:   $URL$
      Revision: $Rev$

   ============================================================================

   -->

.. NOTE: This means do not edit the HTML output, you CAN modify the .rst file!

.. meta::
    :description: Download the <project> software and manual.


========
Download
========

Software License
----------------

The <project> software is freely available under a BSD-style open source license that is compatible
with the Open Source Definition by `The Open Source Initiative`_ and contains no restrictions
on use of the software. The full `license`_ text is included with the distribution package and
available online.

.. _The Open Source Initiative: http://opensource.org/
.. _license: http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/license.html


Documentation
-------------

.. only:: html
    
    :download:`<project> Manual <<project>.pdf>`: PDF version of software manual.

.. only:: latex
    
    `<project> Manual <http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/<project_l>/manual.html>`__:
    Online version of this manual.


System Requirements
-------------------

**Operating System:** Linux


.. _register:

Register for Download
---------------------

.. only:: latex
    
    Please |register online|_ to receive an email with the download links of the software.

.. raw:: html
    
    <iframe class="request_form" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" src="http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/request_form.php?software=<project_l>">
      The iframe tag is not supported by your browser. Please `register here <http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/request.php?software=<project_l>>`__ instead.
    </iframe>


.. |register online| replace:: **register online**
.. _register online: http://www.rad.upenn.edu/sbia/software/<project_l>/download.html#register
